[SRVCOM-2268] Create applications as a next step after Serving installation (#78222)
openshift/openshift-docs: install/installing-knative-eventing.adoc

[id="next-steps_installing-knative-eventing"]
== Next steps

> * Learn more about how to use Knative event-driven architecture in xref:../eventing/knative-eventing.adoc#knative-eventing-overview[Chapter 4. Knative Eventing].

Reviewer: I think "Chapter 4" could be dropped as I do not see any direct chapter references in the published documents.

> * If you want to use Knative Eventing with Apache Kafka, you can xref:../install/serverless-kafka-admin.adoc#serverless-kafka-admin[install Knative broker for Apache Kafka].

Reviewer: To make the link text more consistent, consider:

> If you want to use Knative Eventing with Apache Kafka, see xref:../install/serverless-kafka-admin.adoc#serverless-kafka-admin[Configuring Knative broker for Apache Kafka].

> * If you want to use Knative services, see xref:../install/installing-knative-serving.adoc#installing-knative-serving[Installing Knative Serving] and then start xref:../knative-serving/getting-started/serverless-applications.adoc#serverless-applications[Creating serverless applications].

Reviewer 2: I won't hold up merging for this but pointing out that you've capitalized here and not in the other file when you added the link. (I think either is fine - I lean more towards no caps because you're linking an action here - but I would be consistent.)

> * If you want to use Knative services, you can xref:../install/installing-knative-serving.adoc#installing-knative-serving[install Knative Serving] and then start xref:../knative-serving/getting-started/serverless-applications.adoc#serverless-applications[creating serverless applications].

Reviewer: Same consistency comment:

```suggestion
* If you want to use Knative services, see xref:../install/installing-knative-serving.adoc#installing-knative-serving[Installing Knative Serving] and then xref:../knative-serving/getting-started/serverless-applications.adoc#serverless-applications[Creating serverless applications].
```
